hello folks Gino here with American
motorcycle trading company in Arlington
Texas got a really nice-looking 2005
American iron horse legend chopper that
I want to show you today this bike
listed the MSRP on it new was over
$28,000 it's a really nice bike I just
stopped written it around here or some
today and I really like this bike pretty
decent tire on the front all the
aluminum looks good on it a little fork
bag up crying a little windshields a
heavy-duty real thick windshield on
there still braided lines chrome levers
switch housings billet style mirrors
this bikes got I'm thinking a 111 excuse
me from 111 S&S motor in it with a
six-speed thing is really nice it's got
a mikuni carburetors on it and sup
graded here with some Vance and Hines
exhaust to into one header the right
side drive so it's got real nice balance
to it and it's a soft tail it's all
little mark right here on the swing arm
might be a little bit a little marker
there too
notice back here there's a little bitty
looks like a little bee Rockchip one
here back tire looks pretty good this
bikes Danny it's fun to ride
I love gradient shift Rob there
right side drive makes these bikes
balanced real well because they're easy
to handle you ride them real slow and
they still got a nice balance feel to
him bikes only got a thousand five
hundred and forty-two miles on it
crank it up see what it sounds like
got that bird stabber air breather on it
G sound nice bike setup for two up
riding tube of the passenger pegs and
bloody pad back here
like to know more about it call
ourselves team toll-free at 888 411 51
they can tell you all about it you can
go online stare complete inventory of
good clean used motorcycles at clean
Harley's dot-com this Mike's been
through our shop is checked out and this
ready to ride
we're selling ship bikes all over the
world it would be easy to get this one
to you
might be a few little chips right down
here on the bottom of the frame just
coming up off that front tire
take almost anything in on trade so give
us a call toll-free 888 411 51 this is
gene over the Mary from motorcycle
trading company in Arlington Texas
thanks for looking